See Commander
What's the business?
The Japanese Navy seeks to purchase a giant air ship
Bid 50 billion
Five-star general Asi
Buying and New Year's Day are willing to offset half of the country
Now that the war broke out, they were finally in a hurry
Tell them that business can be negotiated
Gotta pay
It's not good, it's not good, it's not good.
Commander
The unidentified object of the business bureau called us
Is a super missile
Trick-or-treating is never so fast
There is only one possibility that he has come
King of Blood Jade
He has the most terrifying assassination organization in the world
And so what do we do?
What to be afraid of is just an organization living in legend
Pass my order
Concentrate your firepower to crush the blood jade
Yes
Super powerful
Fight kill
Ouch.
Ahhh
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Lin Fan
Do you know what will happen if you offend my pavilion king?
Then I don't care.
You can offend me Lin Fan
One end
Oh, dear.